---
title: Changes to Android, iOS, TDesktop
date: 2019-08-12T18:00:03
---
<h3>Android</h3>
<h4>Changed strings:</h4>
{{< highlight diff >}}
- PhoneNumberHelp: You can change your Telegram number here. Your account and all your cloud data — messages, media, contacts, etc. will be moved to the new number.\n\n**Important:** all your Telegram contacts will get your **new number** added to their address book, provided they had your old number and you haven't blocked them in Telegram.
+ PhoneNumberHelp: You can change your Telegram number here. Your account and all your cloud data — messages, media, contacts, etc. will be moved to the new number.
{{< /highlight >}}
<h3>iOS</h3>
<h4>Changed strings:</h4>
{{< highlight diff >}}
- Chat.AttachmentLimitExceeded: Slow Mode is enabled. You can't select more items.
+ Chat.AttachmentLimitExceeded: Sorry, you can't select more items at once.
- PhoneNumberHelp.Alert: All your Telegram contacts will get your new number added to their address book, provided they had your old number and you haven't blocked them in Telegram.
+ PhoneNumberHelp.Alert: Users will see your new number if they have it in their address book or your privacy settings allow them to see it. You can modify this in Settings > Privacy and Security > Phone number.
- PhoneNumberHelp.Help: You can change your Telegram number here. Your account and all your cloud data — messages, media, contacts, etc. will be moved to the new number.\n\n**Important:** all your Telegram contacts will get your **new number** added to their address book, provided they had your old number and you haven't blocked them in Telegram.
+ PhoneNumberHelp.Help: You can change your Telegram number here. Your account and all your cloud data — messages, media, contacts, etc. will be moved to the new number.
{{< /highlight >}}
<h3>TDesktop</h3>
<h4>Changed strings:</h4>
{{< highlight diff >}}
- lng_change_phone_description: You can change your Telegram number\nhere. Your account and all your cloud data\n— messages, media, contacts, etc. will be\nmoved to the new number.\n\n[b]Important[/b]: all your Telegram contacts will\nget your [b]new number[/b] added to their address\nbook, provided they had your old number and\nyou haven't blocked them in Telegram.
+ lng_change_phone_description: You can change your Telegram number\nhere. Your account and all your cloud data\n— messages, media, contacts, etc. will be\nmoved to the new number.
- lng_change_phone_about: You can change your Telegram number\nhere. Your account and all your cloud data\n— messages, media, contacts, etc. will be\nmoved to the new number.\n\n**Important**: all your Telegram contacts will\nget your **new number** added to their address\nbook, provided they had your old number and\nyou haven't blocked them in Telegram.
+ lng_change_phone_about: You can change your Telegram number\nhere. Your account and all your cloud data\n— messages, media, contacts, etc. will be\nmoved to the new number.
{{< /highlight >}}
